add commitlint github action (#5549)
rook/rook: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

**Checklist:**

> - [ ] **SemanticPullRequest Bot**: Commit titles and messages follow guidelines in the [developer guide](https://rook.io/docs/rook/master/development-flow.html#commit-structure).

Reviewer: Are any updates needed in the dev guide?

> - [ ] **Commitlint / lint (pull_request) Github Action**: Commit titles and messages follow guidelines in the [developer guide](https://rook.io/docs/rook/master/development-flow.html#commit-structure).

Reviewer: What about this title so it might be more meaningful or understandable as something they should look at?
```suggestion
- [ ] **Commit Message Formatting**: Commit titles and messages follow guidelines in the [developer guide](https://rook.io/docs/rook/master/development-flow.html#commit-structure).
```
